add catalogue versions to docs (close #2620) (#2819)
hasura/graphql-engine: docs/graphql/manual/migrations/reference/how-it-works.rst

--------

Let's first talk about metadata. Whenever you do certain actions on the console

> or via the API, Hasura will record it in the :doc:`metadata catalogue <../../how-it-works/metadata-schema>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or via the API, Hasura records it in the :doc:`metadata catalogue <../../how-it-works/metadata-schema>`
```

Reviewer 2: Done
